Update generic_actions.md (#16091)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/workflows/actions_catalog/generic_actions.md

## HTTP

> Use the HTTP action to make a request to any custom endpoint. You can control the request method and its contents, how it is authenticated and processed, and how it should respond to scenarios like expired certificates or redirects. If you need to add Datadog IP address ranges to your allowlist so that the HTTP action works as expected, use the IPs listed in the `webhooks` object. Please visit the [IP Ranges page][6] for details. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the HTTP action to make a request to any custom endpoint. You can control the request method and its contents, how it is authenticated and processed, and how it should respond to scenarios like expired certificates or redirects. If you need to add Datadog IP address ranges to your allowlist so that the HTTP action works as expected, use the IPs listed in the `webhooks` object. See the [IP Ranges page][6] for details. 
```
